I'm talking about... you.
Huh?
Aren't the roles already set?
Let's just follow the script.
Then let's watch a movie.
Sure.
Are we really getting into bed?
We're going to watch it in bed.
Not "get into bed" like that.
What's going on in your head?
We're building chemistry.
Hurry up.
Okay.
Pick one.
- This one. - This one?
[Roommates Day 1]
[Episode 2]
You're such a crybaby.
The screen is just too bright.
Give me a break.
When a stuntman got hurt in North Summit,
You cried then, too.
How did you know?
I guess...
I'm just more sensitive to partings
And life's ups and downs than other people.
[Roommates Day 2]
[Roommates Day 5]
That's...
You're so invested.
Just in case.
Watching pure romance films is useless.
The emotional core is the same.
What's different is the body, the touch.
We need to watch something more practical.
This looks like porn.
Scene 77.
That's how we have to perform it.
Which part moved you to tears this time?
No...
I just put myself in Gao Zhun's shoes.
My heart felt so heavy.
Today...
Let's practice this scene.
Tomorrow...
Can we do it tomorrow?
I... I'm not ready yet.
Where's that courage from the audition?
Mr. Zhang.
Don't chicken out.
Give me a reaction, Mr. Big Shot Actor.
It seems I really need to guide you.
[Roommates Day 7]
[Roommates Day 10]
What?
Do what you're supposed to do, of course.
You're so stiff.
If you don't act well, the director might replace you.
[Roommates Day 13]
Are you shy?
No.
Being shy is quite cute.
We're both men. What's so cute about it?
Seriously...
With your physique,
It's a waste to be so bashful.
Well?
Do you want to try Scene 77 today?
For real.
Sure.
Come on.
The towel.
Does it feel good?
Tell me.
Do you want it fast or slow?
If it feels good, just say it.
What's the big deal?
Wait.
Doing this...
It really feels like we're having sex.
Damn it.
Hello, Yun Ting.
Honey.
What are you doing?
Polishing a scene.
Please, this needs to end soon.
If we keep going like this...
Shall we continue?
Get out.
Why are you so upset?
It's not like we're doing it for real.
But we've gone this far, so we're both pent up.
Let's just help relieve each other.
Mr. Zhen.
I'm sorry.
I... I didn't mean to.
I just...
I'm still not comfortable with same-sex intimacy.
Gotcha.
Someone's trying to steal your role.
You're finished.
Director Chen, I want to play Gao Zhun.
Am I really inferior to a stunt double?
Oh, Young Master Jiang, I definitely didn't mean that.
Director, Mr. Zhen and Mr. Zhang are here.
Mr. Zhen.
You...
I watched your audition clip.
Director Chen has always had a sharp eye.
You're more suitable to play Fang Chi than I am.
I really hope I can act opposite you.
Damn it.
Zhen Xin, do you want to quit?
I'm sorry, Director.
What does it have to do with you?
Your eye's going to be bruised tomorrow!
It's fine.
A layer of powder will hide it.
I have good features.
It'll all be in the shadows.
Thick-skinned.
It better be.
If you delay the shoot the day after tomorrow, you're paying for it.
Don't worry.
- Zhao Chen. - Director.
I can't stand looking at his injured face.
Make arrangements. Let's do a walk-through with makeup.
Okay, Director. Come on, you two.
Let's go get your makeup done.
Let's go.
Gentlemen, the positions are as follows.
And the lighting is all set.
The director will come over to give you notes.
Director.
You saw it just now.
Jiang Han is the son of our investor.
He's a drama school graduate.
He wants to play the role of Gao Zhun.
Zhang Zhun, you have to give me a reason to refuse him.
If your performance is outstanding,
He'll leave on his own.
Understand?
You two, run through the scene.
Run it all together.
All right, let's begin.
If you join the cast and get replaced...
It would be so embarrassing when word gets out.
Who do you want to play Gao Zhun?
You're the one I chose.
If you don't pass the test,
It's my reputation on the line.
Zhen Xin's vibe in costume...
He's absolutely perfect as Fang Chi.
Young Master Jiang, take a look.
They've been working together for half a month.
They have great chemistry.
Chemistry alone is useless.
They have to be able to act.
I'm looking forward to Zhang Zhun's performance.
Ready...
Action!
Mr. Gao.
We're only meeting today
Because you agreed to the treatment.
So...
Let's begin.
Don't touch me.
Mr. Gao, this is therapy.
You have to accept my presence.
Good.
Now, my hand will move closer.
I want to know
How much you can tolerate.
Very good.
Let's continue.
Don't be afraid.
You came to me because you trust me, right?
Isn't that so?
Yes.
Trust.
I trust you, Dr. Fang.
Unbind yourself, and you'll breathe more freely.
You're not afraid of me, are you?
No, Dr. Fang.
I'm not afraid of you.
Tell me.
What are you thinking right now?
Kiss me.
Louder.
I can't hear you.
Kiss me, Dr. Fang.
Please.
Kiss me.
Wait, that's not right.
There's no kiss in this scene.
It doesn't matter.
The performance was great.
Such chemistry... The performance was perfect.
Cut!
That was a good performance.
You two have clearly worked hard over the past two weeks.
Fang Chi's aggression toward Gao Zhun
Was very accurate.
But Director, isn't this an audition?
Anyone can just follow the script.
That's easy.
Let's try something different.
Hey, you.
Show me a scene right now...
Where you take the initiative.
An intimate scene where you're in control.
Can you do it?
That's not necessary.
The relationship between these characters
Is patient and doctor.
I'm the active one, and he's the passive one.
Gao Zhun's desire for Fang Chi came first.
He's the one who seduced Fang Chi first.
How can you call that seduction?
It's dependence.
Director Chen, am I right?
Zhang Zhun, can you do it?
I can.
Fine. Let's do another scene then.
In a moment, you'll lie on top of me,
Touch my chest,
Kiss my lips, and pretend to fuck me.
Do you think you can do that?
I can act it.
Are you sure?
You won't punch me again, will you?
Maybe I should find an excuse to turn it down now.
They don't have a reason to replace me yet.
If I really mess up the performance,
There'll be no turning back.
Trust me.
I can do it.
Okay.
Someone get me a throw pillow.
Sure.
Come on.
Pretend this is a bed.
Pretend I'm your girlfriend.
Help me.
I need you.
Fang Chi...
Are you scared?
Shall we continue?
Cut!
I said cut!
That's it! Sir, this movie will be a hit!
It was indeed good.
But I believe I can do even better.
Let me try acting with Zhen Xin.
Director Chen, you can compare us then.
I don't agree.
Come, Mr. Zhen.
Please have a seat.
Zhang Zhun is my only choice for Gao Zhun.
I can't find the right feeling with anyone else.
Since you want to act so badly,
Why not have the executive director rehearse a scene with you?
Just a short one.
Me?
I... I... I can't do that.
I can't do that.
Does Mr. Jiang even need to audition?
Here's the thing.
In this movie,
There's a role for a rich heir who returned from abroad.
I think it suits your vibe better.
You'll really shine in it.
We can discuss it further.
Are you satisfied now?
All right, go back and rest early.
You've had a long day.
Okay.
I'll get going then, Director.
See you tomorrow.
Director.
They can't live together anymore.
Have Zhang Zhun move out. Separate them.
They should even be on different floors.
- Got it? - Understood.
Zhang Zhun is my only choice for Gao Zhun.
I can't find the right feeling with anyone else.
How's it going?
You've been on set for half a month now.
Is everything going smoothly?
It's going well.
The crew members are all very nice.
Everyone takes good care of me.
Is Zhen Xin easy to get along with?
He's a good person.
His acting is great.
He's been guiding me the whole time.
That's good.
By the way, I told my parents about us.
When you're back after filming wraps,
come over to my house for dinner with them.
Okay.
I got it.
I have to get my makeup done early tomorrow.
I'm going to sleep now.
Good night.
I want you...
To kiss me.
I want you to kiss me.
I want you...
To kiss me.
Mr. Zhen.
Ms. Qin will be here in a moment.
You need to run through the scene with her first.
Qin Xun Er?
Okay.
Director, I'm done changing.
Zhang Zhun.
Ms. Qin has a very tight schedule.
She's coming in early today to shoot a few scenes.
The scenes between you and Mr. Zhen...
Will be pushed back for now.
We'll let them shoot first.
Okay, Director.
Director, Ms. Qin has arrived.
Well then...
Let's go meet Ms. Qin together.
Never mind. I'll go by myself.
Zuo Lin Lin.
What?
Zuo Lin Lin, played by Qin Xun Er.
Why the long face so early in the morning?
Could it be that you're upset...
Because you slept alone last night?
Mr. Zhen.
Please stop making fun of me.
Then what's with that look?
Are you afraid of being replaced?
We have such great chemistry.
As long as you perform well,
The crew has no reason to replace you.
Director, it's been so long! I've missed you!
Mr. Zhen.
Long time no see.
The great Best Actor.
We worked together last time.
This time, it's our second collaboration.
Last time?
I don't think we had any scenes together.
And this is...
This is Mr. Zhang.
He's playing Gao Zhun.
So, he's my fiancé.
He's quite handsome.
Well, Mr. Zhang, I'll be in your care.
- You're too kind. - All right.
Let's not waste time.
We'll shoot the scene where Zuo Lin Lin
Seduces Fang Chi before going abroad.
You two, go and get changed.
Mr. Zhang, you can watch their scene together.
It's a good learning opportunity.
Okay, Director.
Wardrobe, change of clothes!
Come in.
Lin Lin, why are you here?
Charles.
He doesn't love me. He won't even touch me.
Don't be like this.
We've already broken up.
But...
But I regret it.
Lin Lin.
Gao Zhun is your boyfriend.
No. The one I love is you.
Ms. Qin gets into character so fast.
This acting is truly superb.
Cut!
Ms. Qin, if you want to change the script,
Please let me know in advance.
The emotion was there, so I just went with it.
We're all veteran actors.
There's no need to be so pedantic.
But you can't just act like that.
Ms. Qin's performance was excellent.
Mr. Zhen, let's do another take with that same feeling.
I need to pick up another angle.
Camera A, break the level.
I want to capture Fang Chi's sense of imbalance.
Come on. Everyone, get ready.
Three, two, one.
Action!
No. The one I love is you.
Cut! Good, prepare for the next scene.
Go to the RV and make me a cup of coffee.
Okay.
Never filmed a scene like this, right?
I'll get into character.
Excuse me.
There's a media interview later that needs your cooperation.
You can return to the hotel after that.
Okay.
I want...
you to kiss me.
Are you sure you want me to visit the set?
Aren't you afraid of being discovered?
It's fine if we're careful.
I miss you.
Come over soon.
I miss you, too.
But I still have a few commercials to shoot.
I'll come find you as soon as I'm done.
Okay.
Hurry up and come.
Mr. Zhen.
Ms. Qin has been asking for you several times.
Why aren't you at her welcome party yet?
Mr. Zhen.
Ms. Qin has been asking for you several times.
What does it have to do with me if he's drunk?
Fragrant and beautiful, filling the branches,
White and sweet, praised by everyone.
Let's get the party started!
Sounds great!
Come on!
Cheers! Bottoms up!
Not bad, Director!
Mr. Zhang, have another drink.
Mr. Zhang.
What you're drinking...
Is my liquor.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
What?
Are you still shy?
Mr. Zhang.
You've had too much to drink.
I'll take you back.
No need.
Let's go. You can't drink anymore.
Let's go.
I'll help you up.
Ms. Qin, let me do it.
No need. Stay and drink with the director.
Mr. Zhang and I have had enough.
It's fine. I'll take him.
It's fine. Don't worry about it.
Well... Sorry to trouble you, Ms. Qin.
- Take it easy, then. - All right, bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Come on!
Director, let's continue.
Careful.
The party is already in its second half.
You, almighty Best Actor Zhen,
Finally decided to show up?
What are you two doing?
Mr. Zhang is drunk.
I'll take him back to the hotel.
What was Zhao Chen thinking?
Letting an actress take him back...
Aren't you afraid of a scandal?
Well, how about...
You come with us?
The three of us together...
Should prevent any rumors.
There's no room in the car.
I'll take care of him.
You're here.
Come with me.
So nosy.
Are you awake?
He's still drunk.
Kiss me.
You're drunk.
Please.
Kiss me.
Filming is about to start.
Mr. Zhen Xin, regarding this same-sex role,
What kind of preparation did you do?
I've gone through a lot of materials
And discussed the character relationships.
Thank you for your answer, Mr. Zhang.
And what is your answer, Mr. Zhen Xin?
Preparation?
I think the most important thing is to get used to each other's presence.
For example...
Getting used to talking at this distance.
Right?
It feels like you're already in character.
Mr. Zhen Xin, during the preparation process,
Was there a moment when you felt,
"He really is perfect for this role"?
Why don't you answer first?
Was there a moment that made you feel like I was the one?
It seems the audience will have to find the answer in the film.
Next question.
Don't just keep asking me.
Then, Mr. Zhang, regarding this...
Mr. Zhang Zhun.
Is his name that hard to remember?
Zhang Zhun, Zhang Zhun, Zhang Zhun.
Can you remember it now?